{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red49\green49\blue49;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13740\viewh15340\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Final Project Copy\
\
Welcome\
Located at the tip of the thumb is Port Austin, Michigan. This small town is right on Lake Huron boasting both sunrise and sunset views along the breakwall and countless other sights to take in during your trip. From kayaking to mini golf, Port Austin has no shortage of outdoor activities for your family or group. Stop by the farmers market in the morning, the farm to table restaurants in the evening, and finish the day at Port Austin\'92s best ice cream shop. No matter who you bring along for your travels, Port Austin has something for them. \
\
Activities\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Port Crescent State Park- This sandy Lake Huron shoreline \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 has 5 miles of hiking trails, fishing piers, pavilion, is part of the Saginaw Bay Birding Trail\'a0\'96 and is a \'93Dark Sky Preserve.\'94\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}Port Austin Kayak & Bike Rental- \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Rent Kayaks,\'a0Paddle Boards and Bikes\'a0\'96 by the Hour, Day or Week.\'a0The only kayak rental that allows you to paddle to Turnip Rock.\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}Kooky Golf- \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Just a block from downtown restaurants and shops. Unique miniature golf course \'96 fun atmosphere, photo ops, and snacks available!\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Dining\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}The Farm Restaurant- Fine farm-to-table dining with a casual atmosphere.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Joe\'92s Pizzeria- Hand-tossed pizza, great italian and american fare located right downtown.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Lighthouse cafe- Small family restaurant known for their homemade bread. Greta for breakfast and lunch.\
{\listtext	\'95	}The Clean Green Bean- Specialty coffees, free WiFi, lounge area, and laundromat all in one!\
{\listtext	\'95	}Grindstone General Store- \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Thumb\'92s Biggest Ice Cream Cones. A Family Destination for 126 years!\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Events\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Farmers Market- \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Every Saturday, Downtown Port Austin. Produce, fresh & frozen fish, beef, chicken, baked goods, maple syrup, honey, eggs, herbs, spices, caramel corn and other specialty food items - plus unique arts and crafts and more!\
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}Kids Day- \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The annual "Kids Day" takes place at the Port Austin Farmers Market - FREE activities!\
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}Thumb artists Studio Tour- \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A Beautiful 25 mile drive along the lakeshore of Lake Huron, stopping at artist studios along the way to view the artistic process and purchase gorgeous works of art.\
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}Kayak Symposium- \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Annual Sea Kayak Symposium on the shores of Lake Huron. Includes instruction for beginning, intermediate and advanced kayakers.\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
}